Let's practice some
more with cell locking.
In this exercise,
we're going to be
asked to complete
a multiplication matrix.
Let's start with the first row.
We know that it's going to
be the one in cell F39,
multiplied by the values
in the table header.
The first cell is easy.
But now, we would like to be able
to copy this formula
to the right.
In order to be able to do so,
we need to lock our
values correctly.
So if we think it
through we would like to
lock the column for cell F39.
Since we do not want to
cell to increment that,
so we select cell F39 within
the formula and press
F4 to lock this out.
Now, we can copy
the formula and paste
it out the right way.
As we can see, we're
getting the right results.
We still need to fill out
the rest of the table.
So let's go back to
the formula in the first cell.
In order for us to be able
to copy this formula down,
we will need to do some
additional cell locking.
First of all, we want to make
sure that we always
reference the values
in the table header.
Now let's go ahead and
lock down those using F4.
Now, if we were to simply
walk down the entire cell,
we'll always be using
the one in G38,
which is not what we want.
Instead, we want to make sure
that we lock the row
but not the column,
we do this by pressing F4
once more and we see how
the dollar sign is now only
in front of the row number
and not in front of the column.
This means that the column
will increase if we copy
the formula but the row
will always be row 38.
You may have realized
we're going to have
to do the same thing with
the reference to the values
in column F. If we
keep the formula
the way it is now and
copy it across the table,
we would always be multiplying
values by the one in cell F39,
which wouldn't get us the
results that we're looking for.
So let's go and tweak
cell locking we
applied previously by
selecting F39 and pressing F4
twice until we see
a dollar sign in front
of the column header.
Now, the formula is ready to go.
So let's copy it,
then pasting across the
entire multiplication matrix,
as you can see, we are
getting the expected
multiplication results.